# Description of configuration run here

See full config in `config/timed-sync.fio`, `config/timed-async.fio` and `run.sh`.

Outline:
- Block size 4096
- Varying I/O engine (async, sync and mmap)
- Varying number of max parallel requests (32, 64)
  - Note: the way this particular run was designed, async and sync were given the same number of max parallel requests for comparison. For async, this meant having 1 process with a varying iodepth. For sync, this meant varying the number of processes.
- Varying I/O type (read, write, rw, randread, randwrite, randrw)
- Most importantly: varying device written to (SSD, zram)

# Explanation of the organisation of this folder

## numbers subdirectory

Contains compilations of average latencies, read BW and write BS stats across configurations.

Each file contains the numbers for each of the I/O engines (async, sync and mmap), each R/W type (read, write, rw, randread, randwrite, randrw) and device (SSD, zram).

These files are split between iodepth 32 (32 max parallel requests; for async this means 32 iodepth for 1 process, for sync this means 32 processes with 1 iodepth each) and iodepth 64.

## graphs subdirectory

Contains montages of the graphs generated by `system_util` tool. This includes CPU utilisation, measured I/O and so on. The montages themselves are across types of read/writes and using SSD/ZRAM. There is also a montage for each configuration of other parameters, as specified by the directory structure, e.g. `iodepth_64/request_size_4096/async` contains the data for io depth of 64, block size 4096 and async I/O.